You must have seen machines already.
powerful overclocking
to dispute championships reaching brands
awesome but even all this
demonstration of force may not be
enough to impress gamers
will it be that a video card with
overclocking makes a lot of difference in
time to play
the overclocking ronaldo bossa ali came to
curitiba and in the earth's headquarters byte
carried out a comparison to take this
question once and for all the staff
technician was there to follow the
step by step the result of this
dispute is what you now gives the
side of here we have a machine who
she has a last generation x 99 card
gigabyte gb a game cooled with
hydroculture h105 corser is 16 gb of
3,200 platinum dominator memory
megasex a gtx 480 gala video card
offene the source color serna with leftover
power for those who did not understand
problem on this machine
We'll run all the settings.
in stock which means inventory of
way it was installed on this other
side we will have the same system of
feed everything just right
is prepared for extreme overclocking is
another mother board loves xv by boss i
who will still be released is the memories
they are an eco chic hynix m3
four hundred megahertz is different and it is
the same video card is important
tell you that we do not have any
record breaking goal
we are not going to force the cpu but do not
an overclock seeking pet max only knots
let's do it for the first time at least
that I have knowledge of a machine
under these conditions run games
so that's what we're going to play more
or less research we did and
the staff talks a lot and has been coming for a long time
Time and only talk like that to us, but this
machines shows you see 4 record some
thing like that first thing that people
see wheel phrases
let's see if the machine runs almost
first thing the second thing is a game
So we see the people asking
because I wanted to buy a machine that
wheel battlefield 4 to 60fps round to the
end out
Turned, hit very hard, I'll find the
situation because you what we are
making
On the other side, I'm going to feed
nitrogen the equipment is a
keep the temperature in thermometers
here we have the instruments of
measurement and multimeter are
jackson is going to come software fit
largest of the video card being that I
I make a fine adjustment with the team inside and
the oxen pots here together
with the little panel that we made to
stress monitoring
so what happens jo on my side
this side here he will run everything in
stock and / or jackson in here next to go
move and overclock the
video accelerate her frequency right to
extreme overclocking and we will
make this comparison is important you
to know that we are not interested
in a moment today what is now right now
I told you we'll have more things
professionals
will do us side to show
for you
the maximum maximum but here we go
try to keep the processor more or
unless almost because the difference
other and the video card yes we go
want to see a good difference
ae
i
Thank you very much guys for
accompanied us to have the patience of
to have seen this madness is we have
there techlab the youtube channel techlab
There is also a discussion group that
calls extreme pcs and overclock a group
from facebook just click on
you can enter there where the
people commit all these things that the
Thank you very much to the staff of the
Why did the team come to us?
always given a force to us and even in
byte that received these crazy people here
Joe and Jackson to fly these machines
there soon we voted against videos
really worth it
there said this is it there